VIMC-4619: Add orderly_info to return info about report run (#275)
vimc/orderly: NEWS.md

# orderly 1.2.39

> * New function `orderly_info` which returns details from failed and succeeded report runs (VIMC-4619)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New function `orderly_info` which returns details from report runs, both successful and failed (VIMC-4619)
```
